hey I'm guessing you're here to learn
how to sing and play guitar at the same
time just ahead to be I know how to do
it the song we're going to use on this
how-to is a hard day's night by the
Beatles it's important to start to learn
how to sing apply at the same time buy
songs they're meant to be sung and
played at the same time my personal pick
when I first start out like five years
ago was Nirvana I still think I know
every single their - seven yeah pretty
much I know every single never sunk out
there never mind
okay this you're going to need for this
how to well you must be able to strum
power chords and yes we'll be using
power chords in there way easier to use
and you should be able to sync a little
bit and I'll show you what I mean but a
little bit when we get work the chords
are as follows alright time to learn how
to sing I play guitar at the same time
my style I really hope that this will
work for you as much as did for me
we'll see step one try to strum the
chord and sing the note you're playing
this may sound hard but it really isn't
comfortable and natural you know it will
start feeling that way pretty soon if
you put enough effort in it all right
step 2 learn to play the riff correctly
this was being played on the guitar in
the worse
you should practice this for as long as
it takes for you not to think about what
you're playing a good way to test it
your message muscle memory days is by
having a small conversation with
yourself while you're playing and I do
mean small it's not like you have to
discuss the works of William Shakespeare
while playing the life will tune in the
background here I'll show you and your
wife that's all it takes
you have to be able to you know like I
have a small conversation alright once
you're able to do this it's time for
step 3
start off by strumming the chord and
singing it out in the rhythm of the song
like this
energy start adding strums see okay step
four
by now your muscle memory is pre-trained
and you know the notes is saying all I
need to do is add some lyrics and we're
ready to go it's been a
and that's it this this should work for
every single song out there as long as
you apply these steps alright okay
here's the thing call it a test or a
challenge or whatever I challenge you
how to learn to sing and play this part
yeah on your own okay thanks for
watching be sure to leave a comment and
don't forget to post your results if you
did accept my challenge as a comment or
a video response showing us how you play
that thing see you next week with a new
guitar how to